Fix bug where only the first math expression on a line was being spoken/brailled (#18526)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

### Bug Fixes

> * Fixed problem with multiple expressions on a line in word documents: everything after the first expression was dropped (not spoken or brailled)

Reviewer: please also add a reference to the PR number, and your GitHub username if you wish

```suggestion
* Fixed bug with multiple math expressions on the same line in Microsoft Word documents: everything after the first expression was not spoken or brailled. (#18526, @NSoiffer)
```
